README.md, before:

# Androvideo Recruit Project

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard/master)](https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard)
[![Coding Style](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coding%20Style-airbnb-blue)](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)

## Online Demo Pages

## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 8+ with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- A fancy editor like [Vs Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Sublime text](https://www.sublimetext.com/).

## Project Quick Start

Guide

1. Clone the project from [React-OrderBoard](https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard.git).
2. Move the root path in project folder.
3. Run `npm i` or `npm install` to install node_modules.
4. The default server is on `localhost:4200`, please check you don't have any server on it.
5. Run `npm run dev` to start dev server.
6. You will see you server on [localhost:4200](localhost:4200).
7. If you want to check the stage or production enviroment, please run `npm run stage` or `npm run prod` to check different env state.

Steps

```git bash
git clone https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard.git
cd React-OrderBoard
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Information

- **Front End Framework** : [React](https://github.com/facebook/react)
- **State Control** : [Redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux)
- **CSS Library** : [Material UI React](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui)
- **Coding Style** : [Airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) (Use [Eslint](https://eslint.org/) to manager)
- **Bundler** : [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack)

## Documentation

## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: [Docs] 1. Add Contribute MD 2. Update README

README.md, after:

# Androvideo Recruit Project

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Version: 1.0.0](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard/master)](https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard)
[![Coding Style](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coding%20Style-airbnb-blue)](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/k0912214659/Heros.svg?style=svg&circle-token=2f8b936168f5adfa4b1bbac1e15bb1233283de7b)](https://circleci.com/gh/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard)

## Online Demo Pages

- Production Environment : [https://react-board.jasoncy.com](https://react-board.jasoncy.com)

## Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 8+ with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- A fancy editor like [Vs Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Sublime text](https://www.sublimetext.com/).

## Project Quick Start

Guide

1. Clone the project from [React-OrderBoard](https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard.git).
2. Move the root path in project folder.
3. Run `npm i` or `npm install` to install node_modules.
4. The default server is on `localhost:4200`, please check you don't have any server on it.
5. Run `npm run dev` to start dev server.
6. You will see you server on [localhost:4200](localhost:4200).
7. If you want to check the stage or production environment, please run `npm run stage` or `npm run prod` to check different env state.

Steps

```git bash
git clone https://github.com/k0912214659/React-OrderBoard.git
cd React-OrderBoard
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Information

- **Front End Framework** : [React](https://github.com/facebook/react)
- **State Control** : [Redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux)
- **CSS Library** : [Material UI React](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui)
- **Coding Style** : [Airbnb](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) (Use [Eslint](https://eslint.org/) to manager)
- **Bundler** : [Webpack](https://github.com/webpack/webpack)

## Documentation

Please see [contribute](./docs/contribute.md) in `docs/`.

## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE)
